Refactor docs for the ROS Equipment entry (#5)
husarion/husarion_ugv_crsf_teleop: README.md

# husarion_ugv_crsf_teleop

## Getting started

To run the RadioMaster TX16S, you must meet certain requirements listed below:

### Software

- [**Docker Engine and Docker Compose**](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/).

> - Device with Linux based OS (e.g. robot, laptop) and [ROS 2 Humble](https://docs.ros.org/en/humble/Installation.html) installed.

Reviewer: lets do the demo without native ros

Reviewer: @miloszlagan Why did you resolve that?
Does it should be here?
```
Device with Linux based OS (e.g. robot, laptop) and [ROS 2 Humble](https://docs.ros.org/en/humble/Installation.html) installed.
```

The result of this demo will be the publication of a velocity messages on the ROS topic `/cmd_vel`. An example with a mobile robot will be described below.

### Start guide

#### 1. Setup udev rules

> [!WARNING] Husarion OS
> If you are using Husarion OS, you can skip this step as the udev rules are already set up.

To be able to distinguish between connected devices it is necessary to add a rule that aliases detected hardware dongle to a known symlink file.

Open (or create) the udev rules file:

```bash
sudo nano /etc/udev/rules.d/99-local.rules
```

Append the following line to the file:

```udev
ACTION=="add", ,ATTRS{interface}=="PAD02 Dongle", SYMLINK+="ttyUSBPAD"
```

Press <kbd>ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>o</kbd> and then <kbd>ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>x</kbd> to save and quit.

Reload rules by executing:

```bash
sudo udevadm control --reload-rules
sudo udevadm trigger
```

#### 2. Test receiver dongle

> Connect receiver dongle to the USB port of your robot. You can verify that the device is detected by typing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect receiver dongle to the USB port of the User Computer. You can verify that the device is detected by typing:
```

```bash
ls /dev | grep "ttyUSBPAD"
```

You should see a file named `ttyUSBPAD` in the output.

#### 3. Get a Docker Compose file from the repository

```bash
curl -O https://raw.githubusercontent.com/husarion/husarion_ugv_crsf_teleop/refs/heads/master/compose.yaml
```

#### 4. (Optional) Edit Parameters File

> > [!NOTE]

Reviewer: maybe lets just clone the repo

Get a reference file from the repository for Panther:

```bash
curl -o params.yaml https://raw.githubusercontent.com/husarion/husarion_ugv_crsf_teleop/refs/heads/master/husarion_ugv_crsf_teleop/config/crsf_teleop_panther.yaml
```

Or for Lynx:

```bash
curl -o params.yaml https://raw.githubusercontent.com/husarion/husarion_ugv_crsf_teleop/refs/heads/master/husarion_ugv_crsf_teleop/config/crsf_teleop_lynx.yaml
```

In the `compose.yaml` file, pass `params.yaml` under `volumes` section:

```yaml
    volumes:
      - /dev:/dev
      - ./params.yaml:/params.yaml
```

And add parameter file as launch argument:

```yaml
    command: ros2 launch husarion_ugv_crsf_teleop crsf_teleop.launch.py params_file:=/params.yaml
```

#### 5. Start Docker service

```bash
docker compose up -d
```

You can view the logs of the running container by typing:

```bash
docker compose logs -f
```

After a successful connection to the RC remote, you should see the following message:

```ros
[panther.crsf_teleop]: Connected
[panther.crsf_teleop]: Link quality restored: 100%
```

> ### Result

Reviewer: Show results inside the container

Now you should see the relevant ROS 2 topic:

```bash

> user@hostname:~$ ros2 topic list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
user@docker:~$ ros2 topic list
```

```bash
sudo nano /etc/udev/rules.d/99-local.rules
```

Append the following line to the file:

```
ACTION=="add", ,ATTRS{interface}=="PAD02 Dongle", SYMLINK+="ttyUSBPAD"
```

Press <kbd>ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>o</kbd> and then <kbd>ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>x</kbd> to save and quit.

Reload rules by executing:

```bash
sudo udevadm control --reload-rules
sudo udevadm trigger
```

#### 2. Test receiver dongle

Connect receiver dongle to the USB port of the User Computer. You can verify that the device is detected by typing:

```bash
ls /dev | grep "ttyUSBPAD"
```

You should see a file named `ttyUSBPAD` in the output.

#### 3. Clone repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/husarion/husarion_ugv_crsf_teleop.git
cd husarion_ugv_crsf_teleop
```

#### 4. (Optional) Edit Parameters File

> [!NOTE]
> When using default settings there is no need to add or edit parameters file as the model of your Husarion robot is deduced automatically from environment variables.

If you want to change the default parameters, you can do so by providing a parameters file. Detailed information about the parameters can be found in the ROS API.

Get a reference file from for Panther:

> ```bash

Reviewer: I think it is overkill. Let's add the volume to the `/config/crsf_teleop_panther.yaml` and describe how to change it to lynx. So:

If you use Lynx change in `compose.yaml` `/config/crsf_teleop_panther.yaml` to `/config/crsf_teleop_lynx.yaml` it is much easier than coping the files.

Author: Config files from the inside of the package are mounted in the `/config` directory in the docker container. `ROBOT_MODEL` file selection logic has been removed.
